Release notes for Docker Desktop 4.8.2 (#14729)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/windows/release-notes/index.md

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - Fixed an issue with manual proxy settings which caused problems when pulling images. Fixes [docker/for-win#12714](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/12714).

Reviewer: We also got a Mac ticket today. So we could link to 

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with manual proxy settings which caused problems when pulling images. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6315](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/6315).
```

Author: added this issue as well!

> - Fixed high CPU usage when extensions are disabled. Fixes [docker/for-mac#6310](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/6310).

Reviewer 2: Would remove as only applicable to Mac

- Redact HTTP proxy passwords in log files and diagnostics.

## Docker Desktop 4.8.1
2022-05-09

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> [For Windows](https://desktop.docker.com/win/main/amd64/78998/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe)

### New

- Released [Docker Desktop for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/linux/).
- Beta release of [Docker Extensions](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/extensions) and Extensions SDK.
- Created a Docker Homepage where you can run popular images and discover how to use them.

> - [Compose V2 is now GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/)

Reviewer 2: It was agreed in a meeting on Monday with the DD4L team that as the 4.8 and 4.8.1 releases were so close together, it was important to highlight the new features again. 

cc @usha-mandya

> - [Compose V2 is now GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/)

Reviewer 3: Gotcha! Not a blocker for me, I just noticed it.

Perhaps we should consider using a similar approach as Golang took; they split between "major" release notes, and "minor" releases. In that case we could have a "permanent" block about all the cool new things in a release (at the top), followed by the list of patch releases (I don't like their layout, but like the general "concept" of separating the two); https://go.dev/doc/devel/release#go1.18)

> - [Compose V2 is now GA](https://www.docker.com/blog/announcing-compose-v2-general-availability/)

Author: Will keep them in 4.8.1 and remove that section in 4.8.2
